data has all letters, except captial Z, Q and V.
other characters are space, newline, colon, exclamation point, hyphen, period, forward slash, comma
single and double quotes, all digits except 9

delta bar IC is best at 13, multiples of three are also higher
actually, 39 is probably the best delta bar IC, at 1.685
kasiski also gives 39 as the most likely key length

looking at frequencies of each letter in a period of 39, it appears as if all spaces are the most frequent character in the text, but it is not a simple viginere or autokey cipher (with an extended charset)    
setting the most frequent letter to space and all others to a placeholder ('=') reveals the approximate structure of the plaintext. Of course words seperated only by a newline will merge together

first tried mapping the whole charset to each column ordered by frequency as a key, but this produces innacurate results, so tried with the first few characters (' ', e, t)

identify some places in the plaintext where simple frequent words in text are, and once a sufficient amount of words are identified, can remove some of the guesses

made two little functions to look for words in the decoded plaintext and ciphertext, one looks for close matches to a string in the plaintext, and another sums the absolute difference between the occurrence probability of each letter with the expected value from the project gutenberg text analysis,
they both worked well once the topic of the plaintext was known, making it quick to crack multiple occurences of common words and names

* Used a text from project gutenberg as an example to determine frequencies of single letters
* Used the most frequent bigrams and individual letter counts to determine

once text is searchable from putting a fragment into google, then can enter in the original text after replacing the unicode ellipsis with three dots. At the end of the plaintext is the following message:

If you have solved this puz=le then message me with "Yoshi is a horse because horses lay eggs". Thanks for solving =ariad's ==== Crypto Puz=le!

= haven't done one of these in a few years namely due to medical issues and =ust overall needing to take a step back from things. =owever, I am super happy to see someone has solved this and I plan to make one again ne=t year. I hope you are well and please do let me know if you have solved it!
=

which is, after replacing missing key characters:
If you have solved this puzzle then message me with "Yoshi is a horse because horses lay eggs". Thanks for solving Cariad's 2020 Crypto Puzzle!

I haven't done one of these in a few years namely due to medical issues and just overall needing to take a step back from things. However, I am super happy to see someone has solved this and I plan to make one again next year. I hope you are well and please do let me know if you have solved it!

after some post analysis, it seems that the key is not just a random key, the 14'th key is idempotent, and many others are equivalent to other parts of the key


